SPEAKING OF REPUBLICAN
DYNASTIES, THERE'S ONE MEMBER OF
THE TRUMP FAMILY PEOPLE RESPECT:
IVANKA.
SHE'S GOTTEN A TON OF PRAISE
FROM THE RIGHT FOR HER POISE AND
INTELLIGENCE.
AT THE SAME TIME, IT TURNS OUT,
SHE DOESN'T KNOW WHAT WORDS
MEAN.
THIS WEEK, ON TWITTER, VICE
WRITER EVE PEYSER COMPILED A
LIST OF ALL THE WORDS IVANKA HAS
USED INCORRECTLY, AND IT'S A
REAL FORTNIGHT.
( LAUGHTER )
FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN TALKING ABOUT
HER AND JARED'S MORNING ROUTINE
SHE SAID, "MY HUSBAND HAS
INCREDIBLY LONG HOURS, SO I TRY
TO KEEP MINE ON A RELATIVE
BASIS."
( LAUGHTER )
YOU THINK SHE'D KNOW HOW TO USE
"RELATIVE," BECAUSE HER WHOLE
CAREER IS ON "A RELATIVE BASIS."
( LAUGHTER )
>> Jon: OH!
( CHEERS AND APPLAUSE )
>> Stephen: TURNS OUT -- AND
WE'VE KNOWN THIS FOR A LITTLE
WHILE --
SHE ALSO DOESN'T HAVE THE
STRONGEST GRASP OF THE WORD
"COMPLICIT."
>> IF BEING COMPLICIT IS WANTING
TO BE A FORCE FOR GOOD AND TO
MAKE A POSITIVE IMPACT, THEN
I'M COMPLICIT.
>> STEPHEN: IT DOESN'T MEAN
THAT.
( LAUGHTER )
BUT, BENEFIT OF THE DOUBT, SHE
MIGHT'VE JUST BEEN TRYING TO
MAKE A POINT AND ACTUALLY KNOWS
WHAT IT MEANS TO BE COMPLICIT.
>> I DON'T KNOW WHAT IT MEANS TO
BE COMPLICIT.
>> STEPHEN: OKAY.
HERE'S ONE FROM TWITTER: "I
CANNOT BELIEVE THAT THEODORE IS
EIGHT MONTHS OLD TODAY!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY."
>> STEPHEN: HAPPY BIRTHDAY?
HE'S EIGHT MONTHS OLD!
( APPLAUSE )
EITHER IVANKA DOESN'T GET HOW
BIRTHDAYS WORK, OR DO RICH
PEOPLE GET MORE BIRTHDAYS THAN
WE DO?
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
AND THEN THERE'S THIS GEM.
"CUDDLING MY LITTLE NEPHEW LUKE,
THE BEST PART OF AN OTHERWISE
INCREDIBLE DAY!"
( LAUGHTER )
THAT IS A DUMB STATEMENT IN AN
OTHERWISE STUPID TWEET.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
( PIANO RIFF )
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
NOW, A LOT OF PEOPLE HAVE MADE
FUN OF IVANKA ONLINE FOR THIS,
BUT I'D LIKE TO SAY SOMETHING
IN HER DEFENSE.
JIM.
I'M A LITTLE BIT COMPLICIT WITH
IVANKA HERE.
IF COMPLICIT IS HERETOFORE
DEFINED AS "I SUPPORT HER,"
WHICH IT TIMELESSLY DOESN'T.
LAUGH
I KNOW THIS ALL SEEMS HUMOROUS
BUT, ALBEIT, IT IS NOT.
IVANKA RISES AT THE APEX OF
SUNSHINE AND DOES A LOT OF GOOD
ON A RELATIVE BASIS.
IN FACT, THE ENTIRE TRUMP FAMILY
IS A BIG PART OF AN OTHERWISE
GREAT COUNTRY.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
( CHEERING )
THANK YOU.
AND, IN CONCLUSION, I MIGHT ADD,
SUMMARIZING LASTLY, HAPPY
BIRTHDAY.
( LAUGHTER )
( APPLAUSE )
WE HAVE A GREAT SHOW FOR YOU
TONIGHT.